Creepers are afraid of cats!
Its easiest to find diamonds at Y-level -58
Use torches to light up dark areas and prevent mob spawning!
Try throwing a pitcher pod in a Nether portal
Right clicking on crops with a hoe harvests all crops in 3x3 grid!
Try pressing "R" on an item in the inventory screen!
Shift Right clicking on a item frame will make it invisible!
Feeding baby animals will make them grow up faster!
The bane of arthropods enchantment also increases damage against silverfish, endermites, and bees!
Axolotls like to eat tropical fish!
Fishing in a Jungle can give you different items compared to fishing in other biomes!
Trying to sleep in other dimensions will end poorly...
Sleeping in a bed will set your spawn point!
Using bone meal on grass blocks can give different types of flowers!
Blaze rods are good fuel for furnaces!
Blazes take damage when hit by snowballs!
Fish and axolotls can be safely picked up using buckets!
Renaming a bucket with a mob inside will rename that mob as well
Coarse dirt can be converted into normal dirt using a hoe
Compasses point to the spawn point of your world
Animals killed by fire damage usually drop cooked food
Creepers will drop a music disc when killed by a skeletons arrow
Crouching will prevent you from falling off the side of blocks
You can deflect ghast fireballs by attacking them
The lower a dog's tail, the less health they have left
You can heal wolves by feeding them rotten flesh
Pointed dripstone below lava will slowly drip lava particles. This can be used to fill a cauldron
Campfires can be used to cook food
Using fireworks while flying with an elytra can boost your speed!
You cannot leave the end dimension without defeating the ender dragon.. or dying
Endermen can not be hit by projectiles
Wearing a carved pumpkin lowers the risk of enderman noticing you
Enderman become hostile if you look them in the eyes
Endermites may spawn when an enderman teleports or an enderpearl is used
You can locate the Stronghold by throwing an Eye of Ender and following it...
Large fossils can be found under swamps and deserts
Leather armor can protect against freezing damage
Goats can be milked using a bucket
Falling blocks like sand and gravel instantly break when falling onto a torch
Iron golems can be healed by giving them iron ingots
Villagers lose their job site when changing dimensions
Lava buckets can be used as fuel in the furnace
Repeaters can be locked and kept in its state by powering the sides of it with another repeater
Animals may follow you if you hold a food they like
Be careful around goats. They like to push players and other animals off cliffs
Red mooshrooms become brown, and brown mooshrooms become red, when struck by lightning
Hostile mobs do not spawn on mushroom islands
Lava spreads out faster in the nether
Wet sponges will immediately dry when placed in the nether
Traveling one block in the nether is equivalent to traveling eight blocks in the overworld
The sound a note block makes will change based on the block beneath it
Obsidian is formed when water hits a lava source block
Some ores have a minimum required pickaxe tier to mine them
TNT cannot damage players in peaceful mode
Piglins really love gold
Piglins are scared of soul fire blocks including the soul torch and soul lantern
Zombies, skeletons, and spiders are all immune to poison damage
By using water and lava buckets you can make an easy nether portal
Old gold and iron equipment can be smelted into nuggets
You can shear a mooshroom to turn it into a normal cow
You can shear the ends of cave vines to stop them from growing
You can put shears in a dispenser to shear sheep
Shulkers take significantly less damage when their shells are closed
Bees can be pacified by placing a campfire beneath their hive
You can harvest infinite snowballs from a snow golems trail
On rare occasions skeletons may ride spiders into combat!
Wet sponge can be dried in a furnace by cooking it. If there is an empty bucket in the fuel slot the bucket will catch the water!
Slimes can spawn in swamps during a full moon
Turtles only drop scutes when a baby grows into an adult
Undead mobs are damaged by health potions and healed by damage potions
Undead mobs will not burn in daylight if they are wearing a helmet
Honeycombs can be used to wax copper blocks. This prevents them from oxidizing
Sleeping will clear up the sky and stop storm or rain
The Sun, moon, and stars all move towards the west
Villagers transform into witches when struck by lightning
Old wooden tools can be used as fuel in the furnace